# Exam 23

A company runs demonstration environments for its customers on Amazon EC2 instances. Each environment is isolated in its own VPC. The company’s operations team needs to be notified when RDP or SSH access to an environment has been established.

- A. Configure Amazon CloudWatch Application Insights to create AWS Systems Manager OpsItems when RDP or SSH access is detected.
- B. Configure the EC2 instances with an IAM instance profile that has an IAM role with the AmazonSSMManagedInstanceCore policy attached.
- C. Publish VPC flow logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Create required metric filters. Create an Amazon CloudWatch metric alarm with a notification action for when the alarm is in the ALARM state.
- D. Configure an Amazon EventBridge rule to listen for events of type EC2 Instance State-change Notification. Configure an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic as a target. Subscribe the operations team to the topic.

Cloudwatch application Insisght monitoreo a nivel de infraestructura (recursos) pero no a nivel de Red para nivel de red está VPC flow logs.

---

A company is moving its on-premises Oracle database to Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL. The database has several applications that write to the same tables. The applications need to be migrated one by one with a month in between each migration. Management has expressed concerns that the database has a high number of reads and writes. The data must be kept in sync across both databases throughout the migration.

What should a solutions architect recommend?

- A. Use AWS DataSync for the initial migration. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to create a change data capture (CDC) replication task and a table mapping to select all tables.
- B. Use AWS DataSync for the initial migration. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to create a full load plus change data capture (CDC) replication task and a table mapping to select all tables.
- C. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool with AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) using a memory optimized replication instance. Create a full load plus change data capture (CDC) replication task and a table mapping to select all tables. **Most Voted**
- D. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool with AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) using a compute optimized replication instance. Create a full load plus change data capture (CDC) replication task and a table mapping to select the largest tables.

Aquí pone que es mejor convertirla por asi acaso ([Migrate data from an on-premises Oracle database to Aurora PostgreSQL - AWS Prescriptive Guidance](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/patterns/migrate-data-from-an-on-premises-oracle-database-to-aurora-postgresql.html)) para una myor performance.

---

An application running on an Amazon EC2 instance in VPC-A needs to access files in another EC2 instance in VPC-B. Both VPCs are in separate AWS accounts. The network administrator needs to design a solution to configure secure access to EC2 instance in VPC-B from VPC-A. The connectivity should not have a single point of failure or bandwidth concerns.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

- A. Set up a VPC peering connection between VPC-A and VPC-B.
- B. Set up VPC gateway endpoints for the EC2 instance running in VPC-B.
- C. Attach a virtual private gateway to VPC-B and set up routing from VPC-A.
- D. Create a private virtual interface (VIF) for the EC2 instance running in VPC-B and add appropriate routes from VPC-A.

Virtual privan gateway es para VPN.

---

A solutions architect needs to design a new microservice for a company’s application. Clients must be able to call an HTTPS endpoint to reach the microservice. The microservice also must use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to authenticate calls. The solutions architect will write the logic for this microservice by using a single AWS Lambda function that is written in Go 1.x.

Which solution will deploy the function in the MOST operationally efficient way?

- A. Create an Amazon API Gateway REST API. Configure the method to use the Lambda function. Enable IAM authentication on the API.
- B. Create a Lambda function URL for the function. Specify AWS_IAM as the authentication type.
- C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Deploy the function to Lambda@Edge. Integrate IAM authentication logic into the Lambda@Edge function.
- D. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Deploy the function to CloudFront Functions. Specify AWS_IAM as the authentication type.

Puedes implementar acceso por HTTPS por el API usando lambda por cada llamada a la API y condigurar la IAM, la opción B también es viable pero esta mucho mas limitas ya que se a incorporado que puedas llamar por https a lambda y autenticarse con iam.

---