# Exam 10

A company wants to migrate an on-premises data center to AWS. The data center hosts an SFTP server that stores its data on an NFS-based file system. The server holds 200 GB of data that needs to be transferred. The server must be hosted on an Amazon EC2 instance that uses an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system.

Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to automate this task? (Choose two.)

- A. Launch the EC2 instance into the same Availability Zone as the EFS file system.
- B. Install an AWS DataSync agent in the on-premises data center.
- C. Create a secondary Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume on the EC2 instance for the data.
- D. Manually use an operating system copy command to push the data to the EC2 instance.
- E. Use AWS DataSync to create a suitable location configuration for the on-premises SFTP server.

La opción A no esta mal pero no tiene que ver con el objetivo. El suitable locación es el recurso donde tiene que sincronizar .

---

A solutions architect must design a highly available infrastructure for a website. The website is powered by Windows web servers that run on Amazon EC2 instances. The solutions architect must implement a solution that can mitigate a large-scale DDoS attack that originates from thousands of IP addresses. Downtime is not acceptable for the website.

Which actions should the solutions architect take to protect the website from such an attack? (Choose two.)

- A. Use AWS Shield Advanced to stop the DDoS attack.
- B. Configure Amazon GuardDuty to automatically block the attackers.
- C. Configure the website to use Amazon CloudFront for both static and dynamic content.
- D. Use an AWS Lambda function to automatically add attacker IP addresses to VPC network ACLs.
- E. Use EC2 Spot Instances in an Auto Scaling group with a target tracking scaling policy that is set to 80% CPU utilization.

Aws shield supuestamente solo se puede poner en cloudfront, gobal accelerstors… además se busca high availability y guarduty no tiene mucho que ver.

---

A company has an automobile sales website that stores its listings in a database on Amazon RDS. When an automobile is sold, the listing needs to be removed from the website and the data must be sent to multiple target systems.

Which design should a solutions architect recommend?

- A. Create an AWS Lambda function triggered when the database on Amazon RDS is updated to send the information to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue for the targets to consume.
- B. Create an AWS Lambda function triggered when the database on Amazon RDS is updated to send the information to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue for the targets to consume.
- C. Subscribe to an RDS event notification and send an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue fanned out to multiple Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topics. Use AWS Lambda functions to update the targets.
- D. Subscribe to an RDS event notification and send an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic fanned out to multiple Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues. Use AWS Lambda functions to update the targets.

Pues supuestamente no se puede notificar eventos de modificación de la base de datos pero sería la que mas sentido tendría. Luego en la A dicen que lambda no se puede integrar directamente con rds.

---

A company needs to store data in Amazon S3 and must prevent the data from being changed. The company wants new objects that are uploaded to Amazon S3 to remain unchangeable for a nonspecific amount of time until the company decides to modify the objects. Only specific users in the company's AWS account can have the ability 10 delete the objects.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

- A. Create an S3 Glacier vault. Apply a write-once, read-many (WORM) vault lock policy to the objects.
- B. Create an S3 bucket with S3 Object Lock enabled. Enable versioning. Set a retention period of 100 years. Use governance mode as the S3 bucket’s default retention mode for new objects.
- C. Create an S3 bucket. Use AWS CloudTrail to track any S3 API events that modify the objects. Upon notification, restore the modified objects from any backup versions that the company has.
- D. Create an S3 bucket with S3 Object Lock enabled. Enable versioning. Add a legal hold to the objects. Add the s3:PutObjectLegalHold permission to the IAM policies of users who need to delete the objects.

 No dice un tiempo predeterminado, la opción D da permisos para modificar el lock.

---