# Exam 17

A company has a multi-tier application that runs six front-end web servers in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group in a single Availability Zone behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). A solutions architect needs to modify the infrastructure to be highly available without modifying the application.

Which architecture should the solutions architect choose that provides high availability?

- A. Create an Auto Scaling group that uses three instances across each of two Regions.
- B. Modify the Auto Scaling group to use three instances across each of two Availability Zones.
- C. Create an Auto Scaling template that can be used to quickly create more instances in another Region.
- D. Change the ALB in front of the Amazon EC2 instances in a round-robin configuration to balance traffic to the web tier.

---

A solutions architect needs to securely store a database user name and password that an application uses to access an Amazon RDS DB instance. The application that accesses the database runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. The solutions architect wants to create a secure parameter in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store.

What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement?

- A. Create an IAM role that has read access to the Parameter Store parameter. Allow Decrypt access to an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key that is used to encrypt the parameter. Assign this IAM role to the EC2 instance.
- B. Create an IAM policy that allows read access to the Parameter Store parameter. Allow Decrypt access to an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key that is used to encrypt the parameter. Assign this IAM policy to the EC2 instance.
- C. Create an IAM trust relationship between the Parameter Store parameter and the EC2 instance. Specify Amazon RDS as a principal in the trust policy.
- D. Create an IAM trust relationship between the DB instance and the EC2 instance. Specify Systems Manager as a principal in the trust policy.