# Exam 5

A company is developing an application that provides order shipping statistics for retrieval by a REST API. The company wants to extract the shipping statistics, organize the data into an easy-to-read HTML format, and send the report to several email addresses at the same time every morning.

Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

- A. Configure the application to send the data to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose.
- B. Use Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) to format the data and to send the report by email.
- C. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) scheduled event that invokes an AWS Glue job to query the application's API for the data.
- D. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) scheduled event that invokes an AWS Lambda function to query the application's API for the data.
- E. Store the application data in Amazon S3. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic as an S3 event destination to send the report by email.

Para una aplicación tan simple lambda valdría, usar glue suele ser para cuando necesitas procesar una cantidad de datos mucho mayor

---

A company wants to migrate its on-premises application to AWS. The application produces output files that vary in size from tens of gigabytes to hundreds of terabytes. The application data must be stored in a standard file system structure. The company wants a solution that scales automatically. is highly available, and requires minimum operational overhead.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

- A. Migrate the application to run as containers on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Use Amazon S3 for storage.
- B. Migrate the application to run as containers on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). Use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) for storage.
- C. Migrate the application to Amazon EC2 instances in a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group. Use Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) for storage.
- D. Migrate the application to Amazon EC2 instances in a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group. Use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) for storage.