# Exam 22

D

A

D

A y E

B

A y E

C

C

A

A company recently migrated its web application to AWS by rehosting the application on Amazon EC2 instances in a single AWS Region. The company wants to redesign its application architecture to be highly available and fault tolerant. Traffic must reach all running EC2 instances randomly.

Which combination of steps should the company take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

- A. Create an Amazon Route 53 failover routing policy.
- B. Create an Amazon Route 53 weighted routing policy.
- C. Create an Amazon Route 53 multivalue answer routing policy.
- D. Launch three EC2 instances: two instances in one Availability Zone and one instance in another Availability Zone.
- E. Launch four EC2 instances: two instances in one Availability Zone and two instances in another Availability Zone.

---

A company needs to retain its AWS CloudTrail logs for 3 years. The company is enforcing CloudTrail across a set of AWS accounts by using AWS Organizations from the parent account. The CloudTrail target S3 bucket is configured with S3 Versioning enabled. An S3 Lifecycle policy is in place to delete current objects after 3 years.

After the fourth year of use of the S3 bucket, the S3 bucket metrics show that the number of objects has continued to rise. However, the number of new CloudTrail logs that are delivered to the S3 bucket has remained consistent.

Which solution will delete objects that are older than 3 years in the MOST cost-effective manner?

- A. Configure the organization’s centralized CloudTrail trail to expire objects after 3 years.
- B. Configure the S3 Lifecycle policy to delete previous versions as well as current versions.
- C. Create an AWS Lambda function to enumerate and delete objects from Amazon S3 that are older than 3 years.
- D. Configure the parent account as the owner of all objects that are delivered to the S3 bucket.

Como tienen el versioning puesto lo que pasa es que cualquier modificación del objeto se guarda en el propio bucket entonces hay que pone un lifecycle policy también a las versiones.

---