# Exam 7

A company runs a shopping application that uses Amazon DynamoDB to store customer information. In case of data corruption, a solutions architect needs to design a solution that meets a recovery point objective (RPO) of 15 minutes and a recovery time objective (RTO) of 1 hour.

What should the solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?

- A. Configure DynamoDB global tables. For RPO recovery, point the application to a different AWS Region.
- B. Configure DynamoDB point-in-time recovery. For RPO recovery, restore to the desired point in time.
- C. Export the DynamoDB data to Amazon S3 Glacier on a daily basis. For RPO recovery, import the data from S3 Glacier to DynamoDB.
- D. Schedule Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots for the DynamoDB table every 15 minutes. For RPO recovery, restore the DynamoDB table by using the EBS snapshot.

El hecho de hacer restore de un snapshot puede hacer que no llegue a hacerlo en 1 h. El point in time te deja recuperar en cualquier momento de los anteriores 35 días.

---

A company needs to keep user transaction data in an Amazon DynamoDB table. The company must retain the data for 7 years.

What is the MOST operationally efficient solution that meets these requirements?

- A. Use DynamoDB point-in-time recovery to back up the table continuously.
- B. Use AWS Backup to create backup schedules and retention policies for the table.
- C. Create an on-demand backup of the table by using the DynamoDB console. Store the backup in an Amazon S3 bucket. Set an S3 Lifecycle configuration for the S3 bucket.
- D. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to back up the table and to store the backup in an Amazon S3 bucket. Set an S3 Lifecycle configuration for the S3 bucket.

La c también es posible pero requiere mayor intervención manual. B es mas automatizable.

---

A company is planning to use an Amazon DynamoDB table for data storage. The company is concerned about cost optimization. The table will not be used on most mornings. In the evenings, the read and write traffic will often be unpredictable. When traffic spikes occur, they will happen very quickly.

What should a solutions architect recommend?

- A. Create a DynamoDB table in on-demand capacity mode.
- B. Create a DynamoDB table with a global secondary index.
- C. Create a DynamoDB table with provisioned capacity and auto scaling.
- D. Create a DynamoDB table in provisioned capacity mode, and configure it as a global table.

 Provisioned capacity solo para trafico que sea predecible

---

A company recently signed a contract with an AWS Managed Service Provider (MSP) Partner for help with an application migration initiative. A solutions architect needs ta share an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from an existing AWS account with the MSP Partner's AWS account. The AMI is backed by Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) and uses an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key to encrypt EBS volume snapshots.

What is the MOST secure way for the solutions architect to share the AMI with the MSP Partner's AWS account?

- A. Make the encrypted AMI and snapshots publicly available. Modify the key policy to allow the MSP Partner's AWS account to use the key.
- B. Modify the launchPermission property of the AMI. Share the AMI with the MSP Partner's AWS account only. Modify the key policy to allow the MSP Partner's AWS account to use the key.
- C. Modify the launchPermission property of the AMI. Share the AMI with the MSP Partner's AWS account only. Modify the key policy to trust a new KMS key that is owned by the MSP Partner for encryption.
- D. Export the AMI from the source account to an Amazon S3 bucket in the MSP Partner's AWS account, Encrypt the S3 bucket with a new KMS key that is owned by the MSP Partner. Copy and launch the AMI in the MSP Partner's AWS account.

La opción C al final es vulnerable porque se tiene que compartir una nueva llave en cambio con la opción B ya le estas dando permiso directamente. La opción B le estas dando permisos para usar la llave pero sin en ningún momento saber el valor de esta.

---