# Exam 11

A company uses a popular content management system (CMS) for its corporate website. However, the required patching and maintenance are burdensome. The company is redesigning its website and wants anew solution. The website will be updated four times a year and does not need to have any dynamic content available. The solution must provide high scalability and enhanced security.

Which combination of changes will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? (Choose two.)

- A. Configure Amazon CloudFront in front of the website to use HTTPS functionality.
- B. Deploy an AWS WAF web ACL in front of the website to provide HTTPS functionality.
- C. Create and deploy an AWS Lambda function to manage and serve the website content.
- D. Create the new website and an Amazon S3 bucket. Deploy the website on the S3 bucket with static website hosting enabled.
- E. Create the new website. Deploy the website by using an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer.

Aws waf acl no permite funcionalidad https.

---

A company stores its application logs in an Amazon CloudWatch Logs log group. A new policy requires the company to store all application logs in Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service) in near-real time.

Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead?

- A. Configure a CloudWatch Logs subscription to stream the logs to Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service).
- B. Create an AWS Lambda function. Use the log group to invoke the function to write the logs to Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service).
- C. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream. Configure the log group as the delivery streams sources. Configure Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service) as the delivery stream's destination.
- D. Install and configure Amazon Kinesis Agent on each application server to deliver the logs to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Configure Kinesis Data Streams to deliver the logs to Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service).

---

A company is building a web-based application running on Amazon EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones. The web application will provide access to a repository of text documents totaling about 900 TB in size. The company anticipates that the web application will experience periods of high demand. A solutions architect must ensure that the storage component for the text documents can scale to meet the demand of the application at all times. The company is concerned about the overall cost of the solution.

Which storage solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

- A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- B. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
- C. Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service)
- D. Amazon S3

S3<EFS<EBS

---

A global company is using Amazon API Gateway to design REST APIs for its loyalty club users in the us-east-1 Region and the ap-southeast-2 Region. A solutions architect must design a solution to protect these API Gateway managed REST APIs across multiple accounts from SQL injection and cross-site scripting attacks.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of administrative effort?

- A. Set up AWS WAF in both Regions. Associate Regional web ACLs with an API stage.
- B. Set up AWS Firewall Manager in both Regions. Centrally configure AWS WAF rules.
- C. Set up AWS Shield in bath Regions. Associate Regional web ACLs with an API stage.
- D. Set up AWS Shield in one of the Regions. Associate Regional web ACLs with an API stage.

La opcion B sobre la A por la gestión centralizada y automatización.

---

A company has implemented a self-managed DNS solution on three Amazon EC2 instances behind a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in the us-west-2 Region. Most of the company's users are located in the United States and Europe. The company wants to improve the performance and availability of the solution. The company launches and configures three EC2 instances in the eu-west-1 Region and adds the EC2 instances as targets for a new NLB.

Which solution can the company use to route traffic to all the EC2 instances?

- A. Create an Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing policy to route requests to one of the two NLBs. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Use the Route 53 record as the distribution’s origin.
- B. Create a standard accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator. Create endpoint groups in us-west-2 and eu-west-1. Add the two NLBs as endpoints for the endpoint groups.
- C. Attach Elastic IP addresses to the six EC2 instances. Create an Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing policy to route requests to one of the six EC2 instances. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Use the Route 53 record as the distribution's origin.
- D. Replace the two NLBs with two Application Load Balancers (ALBs). Create an Amazon Route 53 latency routing policy to route requests to one of the two ALBs. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Use the Route 53 record as the distribution’s origin.

Es global accelerator sobre cloudfront por esto “The company wants to improve the performance and availability of the solution”