# Exam 8

A company hosts its web applications in the AWS Cloud. The company configures Elastic Load Balancers to use certificates that are imported into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). The company's security team must be notified 30 days before the expiration of each certificate.

What should a solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement?

- A. Add a rule in ACM to publish a custom message to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic every day, beginning 30 days before any certificate will expire.
- B. Create an AWS Config rule that checks for certificates that will expire within 30 days. Configure Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to invoke a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) when AWS Config reports a noncompliant resource.
- C. Use AWS Trusted Advisor to check for certificates that will expire within 30 days. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm that is based on Trusted Advisor metrics for check status changes. Configure the alarm to send a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).
- D. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to detect any certificates that will expire within 30 days. Configure the rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to send a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).

La opción B hay una regla específica para hacer check de esto. La a no puede ser porque ACM no soporta este tipo de reglas de monitoreo

---

A company's dynamic website is hosted using on-premises servers in the United States. The company is launching its product in Europe, and it wants to optimize site loading times for new European users. The site's backend must remain in the United States. The product is being launched in a few days, and an immediate solution is needed.

What should the solutions architect recommend?

- A. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance in us-east-1 and migrate the site to it.
- B. Move the website to Amazon S3. Use Cross-Region Replication between Regions.
- C. Use Amazon CloudFront with a custom origin pointing to the on-premises servers.
- D. Use an Amazon Route 53 geoproximity routing policy pointing to on-premises servers

Route 53 geoproximity no reduce la latencia ya que todos los servidores en estados unidos así que siempre va a rederigir allí por lo que no reduce la latencia en cambio cloudfront al cachear contenido en el edge location de europa por lo que si que la reduce.

---

A company hosts an application on AWS Lambda functions that are invoked by an Amazon API Gateway API. The Lambda functions save customer data to an Amazon Aurora MySQL database. Whenever the company upgrades the database, the Lambda functions fail to establish database connections until the upgrade is complete. The result is that customer data is not recorded for some of the event.

A solutions architect needs to design a solution that stores customer data that is created during database upgrades.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

- A. Provision an Amazon RDS proxy to sit between the Lambda functions and the database. Configure the Lambda functions to connect to the RDS proxy.
- B. Increase the run time of the Lambda functions to the maximum. Create a retry mechanism in the code that stores the customer data in the database.
- C. Persist the customer data to Lambda local storage. Configure new Lambda functions to scan the local storage to save the customer data to the database.
- D. Store the customer data in an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue. Create a new Lambda function that polls the queue and stores the customer data in the database.

 En este escenario habla lo que tiene que suplir a que falle la base de datos con sqs a tener un buffer almacenaria los mensajes hasta que volviese a funcionar. El proxy no sabría donde redirigir el mensaje y fallara la conexión.

---