# Exam 12

A company runs an Oracle database on premises. As part of the company’s migration to AWS, the company wants to upgrade the database to the most recent available version. The company also wants to set up disaster recovery (DR) for the database. The company needs to minimize the operational overhead for normal operations and DR setup. The company also needs to maintain access to the database's underlying operating system.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

- A. Migrate the Oracle database to an Amazon EC2 instance. Set up database replication to a different AWS Region.
- B. Migrate the Oracle database to Amazon RDS for Oracle. Activate Cross-Region automated backups to replicate the snapshots to another AWS Region.
- C. Migrate the Oracle database to Amazon RDS Custom for Oracle. Create a read replica for the database in another AWS Region.
- D. Migrate the Oracle database to Amazon RDS for Oracle. Create a standby database in another Availability Zone.

Amazon RDS custom permite acceso al sistema operativo pudiendo aplicar upgrades no como el RDS normal

---

A company wants to move its application to a serverless solution. The serverless solution needs to analyze existing and new data by using SL. The company stores the data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The data requires encryption and must be replicated to a different AWS Region.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

- A. Create a new S3 bucket. Load the data into the new S3 bucket. Use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to replicate encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in another Region. Use server-side encryption with AWS KMS multi-Region kays (SSE-KMS). Use Amazon Athena to query the data.
- B. Create a new S3 bucket. Load the data into the new S3 bucket. Use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to replicate encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in another Region. Use server-side encryption with AWS KMS multi-Region keys (SSE-KMS). Use Amazon RDS to query the data.
- C. Load the data into the existing S3 bucket. Use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to replicate encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in another Region. Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3). Use Amazon Athena to query the data.
- D. Load the data into the existing S3 bucket. Use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to replicate encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in another Region. Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3). Use Amazon RDS to query the data.

No se puede hacer multi region keys es por single region SSE-S3 viene con s3 y evitas implementar KMS.

---

A company runs workloads on AWS. The company needs to connect to a service from an external provider. The service is hosted in the provider's VPC. According to the company’s security team, the connectivity must be private and must be restricted to the target service. The connection must be initiated only from the company’s VPC.

Which solution will mast these requirements?

- A. Create a VPC peering connection between the company's VPC and the provider's VPC. Update the route table to connect to the target service.
- B. Ask the provider to create a virtual private gateway in its VPC. Use AWS PrivateLink to connect to the target service.
- C. Create a NAT gateway in a public subnet of the company’s VPUpdate the route table to connect to the target service.
- D. Ask the provider to create a VPC endpoint for the target service. Use AWS PrivateLink to connect to the target service.

Vpc peering da acceso a todos los recursos de una VPC el private link a un solo recurso.

---

A reporting team receives files each day in an Amazon S3 bucket. The reporting team manually reviews and copies the files from this initial S3 bucket to an analysis S3 bucket each day at the same time to use with Amazon QuickSight. Additional teams are starting to send more files in larger sizes to the initial S3 bucket.

The reporting team wants to move the files automatically analysis S3 bucket as the files enter the initial S3 bucket. The reporting team also wants to use AWS Lambda functions to run pattern-matching code on the copied data. In addition, the reporting team wants to send the data files to a pipeline in Amazon SageMaker Pipelines.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

- A. Create a Lambda function to copy the files to the analysis S3 bucket. Create an S3 event notification for the analysis S3 bucket. Configure Lambda and SageMaker Pipelines as destinations of the event notification. Configure s3:ObjectCreated:Put as the event type.
- B. Create a Lambda function to copy the files to the analysis S3 bucket. Configure the analysis S3 bucket to send event notifications to Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events). Configure an ObjectCreated rule in EventBridge (CloudWatch Events). Configure Lambda and SageMaker Pipelines as targets for the rule.
- C. Configure S3 replication between the S3 buckets. Create an S3 event notification for the analysis S3 bucket. Configure Lambda and SageMaker Pipelines as destinations of the event notification. Configure s3:ObjectCreated:Put as the event type.
- D. Configure S3 replication between the S3 buckets. Configure the analysis S3 bucket to send event notifications to Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events). Configure an ObjectCreated rule in EventBridge (CloudWatch Events). Configure Lambda and SageMaker Pipelines as targets for the rule.

S3 replicación copia directamente los datos entre los buckets