# Exam 4

A company has an on-premises application that generates a large amount of time-sensitive data that is backed up to Amazon S3. The application has grown and there are user complaints about internet bandwidth limitations. A solutions architect needs to design a long-term solution that allows for both timely backups to Amazon S3 and with minimal impact on internet connectivity for internal users.

Which solution meets these requirements?

- A. Establish AWS VPN connections and proxy all traffic through a VPC gateway endpoint.
- B. Establish a new AWS Direct Connect connection and direct backup traffic through this new connection. **Most Voted**
- C. Order daily AWS Snowball devices. Load the data onto the Snowball devices and return the devices to AWS each day.
- D. Submit a support ticket through the AWS Management Console. Request the removal of S3 service limits from the account.

---

A company has an Amazon S3 bucket that contains critical data. The company must protect the data from accidental deletion.

Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

- A. Enable versioning on the S3 bucket. **Most Voted**
- B. Enable MFA Delete on the S3 bucket. **Most Voted**
- C. Create a bucket policy on the S3 bucket.
- D. Enable default encryption on the S3 bucket.
- E. Create a lifecycle policy for the objects in the S3 bucket.

---

A company's website uses an Amazon EC2 instance store for its catalog of items. The company wants to make sure that the catalog is highly available and that the catalog is stored in a durable location.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

- A. Move the catalog to Amazon ElastiCache for Redis.
- B. Deploy a larger EC2 instance with a larger instance store.
- C. Move the catalog from the instance store to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
- D. Move the catalog to an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system.

Para long-term es decir que sea durable es efs, elastic cache no proporciona durabilidad.

---

A company stores call transcript files on a monthly basis. Users access the files randomly within 1 year of the call, but users access the files infrequently after 1 year. The company wants to optimize its solution by giving users the ability to query and retrieve files that are less than 1-year-old as quickly as possible. A delay in retrieving older files is acceptable.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

- A. Store individual files with tags in Amazon S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval. Query the tags to retrieve the files from S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval.
- B. Store individual files in Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering. Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move the files to S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 1 year. Query and retrieve the files that are in Amazon S3 by using Amazon Athena. Query and retrieve the files that are in S3 Glacier by using S3 Glacier Select. **Most Voted**
- C. Store individual files with tags in Amazon S3 Standard storage. Store search metadata for each archive in Amazon S3 Standard storage. Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move the files to S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval after 1 year. Query and retrieve the files by searching for metadata from Amazon S3.
- D. Store individual files in Amazon S3 Standard storage. Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move the files to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year. Store search metadata in Amazon RDS. Query the files from Amazon RDS. Retrieve the files from S3 Glacier Deep Archive.

---

A company has a production workload that runs on 1,000 Amazon EC2 Linux instances. The workload is powered by third-party software. The company needs to patch the third-party software on all EC2 instances as quickly as possible to remediate a critical security vulnerability.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

- A. Create an AWS Lambda function to apply the patch to all EC2 instances.
- B. Configure AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to apply the patch to all EC2 instances.
- C. Schedule an AWS Systems Manager maintenance window to apply the patch to all EC2 instances.
- D. Use AWS Systems Manager Run Command to run a custom command that applies the patch to all EC2 instances.

B es mas rápido que D.