# Exam 9

An application allows users at a company's headquarters to access product data. The product data is stored in an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance. The operations team has isolated an application performance slowdown and wants to separate read traffic from write traffic. A solutions architect needs to optimize the application's performance quickly.

What should the solutions architect recommend?

- A. Change the existing database to a Multi-AZ deployment. Serve the read requests from the primary Availability Zone.
- B. Change the existing database to a Multi-AZ deployment. Serve the read requests from the secondary Availability Zone.
- C. Create read replicas for the database. Configure the read replicas with half of the compute and storage resources as the source database.
- D. Create read replicas for the database. Configure the read replicas with the same compute and storage resources as the source database.

Lo que pasa esq al final te puede hacer cuello de botella las read replicas si no le das la misma computación que las write.

---

A company's containerized application runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. The application needs to download security certificates before it can communicate with other business applications. The company wants a highly secure solution to encrypt and decrypt the certificates in near real time. The solution also needs to store data in highly available storage after the data is encrypted.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

- A. Create AWS Secrets Manager secrets for encrypted certificates. Manually update the certificates as needed. Control access to the data by using fine-grained IAM access.
- B. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses the Python cryptography library to receive and perform encryption operations. Store the function in an Amazon S3 bucket.
- C. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Allow the EC2 role to use the KMS key for encryption operations. Store the encrypted data on Amazon S3.
- D. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Allow the EC2 role to use the KMS key for encryption operations. Store the encrypted data on Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes.

Kms esta hecho para temas de crear y o gestionar claves de cifrado permitiendo la emcriptacion. Secrets mangager es como un bitguarden.