# Exam 13

A solutions architect is optimizing a website for an upcoming musical event. Videos of the performances will be streamed in real time and then will be available on demand. The event is expected to attract a global online audience.

Which service will improve the performance of both the real-time and on-demand streaming?

- A. Amazon CloudFront
- B. AWS Global Accelerator
- C. Amazon Route 53
- D. Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration

Si es tráfico html solo acepta cloud front si no es html global accelerator 

---

A company stores data in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster. The company must store all the data for 5 years and must delete all the data after 5 years. The company also must indefinitely keep audit logs of actions that are performed within the database. Currently, the company has automated backups configured for Aurora.

Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

- A. Take a manual snapshot of the DB cluster.
- B. Create a lifecycle policy for the automated backups.
- C. Configure automated backup retention for 5 years.
- D. Configure an Amazon CloudWatch Logs export for the DB cluster.
- E. Use AWS Backup to take the backups and to keep the backups for 5 years.

El máximo retention period es de 35 días en el caso B y C, la opción D es la única que se encarga de logs, un poco manual pero es la única que tiene la posibilidad de retention period de 5 años.

---

A company is running a publicly accessible serverless application that uses Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda. The application’s traffic recently spiked due to fraudulent requests from botnets.

Which steps should a solutions architect take to block requests from unauthorized users? (Choose two.)

- A. Create a usage plan with an API key that is shared with genuine users only.
- B. Integrate logic within the Lambda function to ignore the requests from fraudulent IP addresses.
- C. Implement an AWS WAF rule to target malicious requests and trigger actions to filter them out.
- D. Convert the existing public API to a private API. Update the DNS records to redirect users to the new API endpoint.
- E. Create an IAM role for each user attempting to access the API. A user will assume the role when making the API call.

Si conviertees un API de público a privado solo las gente de la propia VPC podría acceder no gente de fuera. Los usage plan de API gateway permite configurar el acceso de lo usuarios. 
Una clave de API es un identificador único que se proporciona a los usuarios **autorizados** para que puedan acceder a tu API. Cuando un usuario legítimo hace una solicitud a tu API, debe enviar la clave de API en la solicitud para que esta sea aceptada.

---