# Exam 2

A solutions architect wants to design a solution to save costs for Amazon EC2 instances that do not
need to run during a 2-week company shutdown. The applications running on the EC2 instances store
data in instance memory that must be present when the instances resume operation.
Which approach should the solutions architect recommend to shut down and resume the EC2 instances?
A) Modify the application to store the data on instance store volumes. Reattach the volumes while restarting
them.
B) Snapshot the EC2 instances before stopping them. Restore the snapshot after restarting the instances.
C) Run the applications on EC2 instances enabled for hibernation. Hibernate the instances before the 2 week company shutdown.

D) Note the Availability Zone for each EC2 instance before stopping it. Restart the instances in the same Availability Zones after the 2-week company shutdown.

---

A company plans to run a monitoring application on an Amazon EC2 instance in a VPC. Connections
are made to the EC2 instance using the instance’s private IPv4 address. A solutions architect needs to
design a solution that will allow traffic to be quickly directed to a standby EC2 instance if the application
fails and becomes unreachable.
Which approach will meet these requirements?
A) Deploy an Application Load Balancer configured with a listener for the private IP address and register the
primary EC2 instance with the load balancer. Upon failure, de-register the instance and register the
standby EC2 instance.

B) Configure a custom DHCP option set. Configure DHCP to assign the same private IP address to the
standby EC2 instance when the primary EC2 instance fails.
C) Attach a secondary elastic network interface to the EC2 instance configured with the private IP address.
Move the network interface to the standby EC2 instance if the primary EC2 instance becomes
unreachable.

D) Associate an Elastic IP address with the network interface of the primary EC2 instance. Disassociate the
Elastic IP from the primary instance upon failure and associate it with a standby EC2 instance.

---

An analytics company is planning to offer a web analytics service to its users. The service will require
that the users’ webpages include a JavaScript script that makes authenticated GET requests to the
company’s Amazon S3 bucket.

What must a solutions architect do to ensure that the script will successfully execute?
A) Enable cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) on the S3 bucket.
B) Enable S3 Versioning on the S3 bucket.
C) Provide the users with a signed URL for the script.
D) Configure an S3 bucket policy to allow public execute privileges.

---

A company’s security team requires that all data stored in the cloud be encrypted at rest at all times
using encryption keys stored on premises.
Which encryption options meet these requirements? (Select TWO.)
A) Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3).

B) Use server-side encryption with AWS KMS managed encryption keys (SSE-KMS).
C) Use server-side encryption with customer-provided encryption keys (SSE-C).
D) Use client-side encryption to provide at-rest encryption.
E) Use an AWS Lambda function invoked by Amazon S3 events to encrypt the data using the customer’s
keys.

---

Answers

https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/files/a/w/aws_prod1_docebosaas_com/1741348800/ucL0GWeJop0KNOxH_QHlrQ/item/e1e4bbc8acaee3f1ea7f6d62d2b52b4c33145088.pdf?enhanced_signature=7xXTQ8moOz9n-rr0Ma-8MKR6YDy5Ylseu0xyUvJFocI

1. A, B – A NAT gateway forwards traffic from the EC2 instances in the private subnet to the internet or other
AWS services, and then sends the response back to the instances. After a NAT gateway is created, the route
tables for private subnets must be updated to point internet traffic to the NAT gateway.
2. C – Hibernating EC2 instances save the contents of instance memory to an Amazon Elastic Block Store
(Amazon EBS) root volume. When the instances restart, the instance memory contents are reloaded.
3. C – A secondary elastic network interface can be added to an EC2 instance. While primary network interfaces
cannot be detached from an instance, secondary network interfaces can be detached and attached to a different
EC2 instance.
4. A – Web browsers will block running a script that originates from a server with a domain name that is different
from the webpage. Amazon S3 can be configured with CORS to send HTTP headers that allow the script to run.
5. C, D – Server-side encryption with customer-provided keys (SSE-C) enables Amazon S3 to encrypt objects on
the server side using an encryption key provided in the PUT request. The same key must be provided in the GET
requests for Amazon S3 to decrypt the object. Customers also have the option to encrypt data on the client side
before uploading it to Amazon S3, and then they can decrypt the data after downloading it. AWS software
development kits (SDKs) provide an S3 encryption client that streamlines the process.
6. A – While Spot Instances would be the least costly option, they are not suitable for jobs that cannot be
interrupted or must complete within a certain time period. On-Demand Instances would be billed for the number of
seconds they are running.
7. C – Decouple the ingestion of votes from the database to allow the voting system to continue processing votes
without waiting for the database writes. Add dedicated workers to read from the SQS queue to allow votes to be
entered into the database at a controllable rate. The votes will be added to the database as fast as the database
can process them, but no votes will be lost.
8. B, E – Create new subnets in a new Availability Zone (AZ) to provide a redundant network. Create an Auto
Scaling group with instances in two AZs behind the load balancer to ensure high availability of the web application
and redistribution of web traffic between the two public AZs. Create an RDS DB instance in the two private
subnets to make the database tier highly available too.
9. C – The current configuration puts new EC2 instances into service before they are able to respond to
transactions. This could also cause the instances to overscale. With a step scaling policy, you can specify the
number of seconds that it takes for a newly launched instance to warm up. Until its specified warm-up time has
expired, an EC2 instance is not counted toward the aggregated metrics of the Auto Scaling group. While scaling
out, the Auto Scaling logic does not consider EC2 instances that are warming up as part of the current capacity of
the Auto Scaling group. Therefore, multiple alarm breaches that fall in the range of the same step adjustment
result in a single scaling activity. This ensures that you do not add more instances than you need.
10. C – Aurora Replicas provide a way to offload read traffic. Aurora Replicas share the same underlying storage
as the main database, so lag time is generally very low. Aurora Replicas have their own endpoints, so the
application will need to be configured to direct read traffic to the new endpoints.