# Exam 6

The DevOps team at an e-commerce company has deployed a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances under an Auto Scaling group (ASG). The instances under the ASG span two Availability Zones (AZ) within the `us-east-1` region. All the incoming requests are handled by an Application Load Balancer (ALB) that routes the requests to the Amazon EC2 instances under the Auto Scaling Group. As part of a test run, two instances (instance 1 and 2, belonging to AZ A) were manually terminated by the DevOps team causing the Availability Zones (AZ) to have unbalanced resources. Later that day, another instance (belonging to AZ B) was detected as unhealthy by the Application Load Balancer's health check.

Can you identify the correct outcomes for these events? (Select two)

As the resources are unbalanced in the Availability Zones, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling will compensate by rebalancing the Availability Zones. When rebalancing, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling launches new instances before terminating the old ones, so that rebalancing does not compromise the performance or availability of your application

Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling creates a new scaling activity for launching a new instance to replace the unhealthy instance. Later, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling creates a new scaling activity for terminating the unhealthy instance and then terminates it

Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling creates a new scaling activity for terminating the unhealthy instance and then terminates it. Later, another scaling activity launches a new instance to replace the terminated instance

As the resources are unbalanced in the Availability Zones, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling will compensate by rebalancing the Availability Zones. When rebalancing, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling terminates old instances before launching new instances, so that rebalancing does not cause extra instances to be launched

Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling creates a new scaling activity to terminate the unhealthy instance and launch the new instance simultaneously

---

The engineering team at an IT company is deploying an Online Transactional Processing (OLTP) application that needs to support relational queries. The application will have unpredictable spikes of usage that the team does not know in advance.

Which database would you recommend using?

Amazon ElastiCache

Amazon Aurora Serverless

Amazon DynamoDB with On-Demand Capacity

Amazon DynamoDB with Provisioned Capacity and Auto Scaling

“RELATIONAL QUERIES”

---

The engineering team at a company wants to create a daily big data analysis job leveraging Spark for analyzing online/offline sales and customer loyalty data to create customized reports on a client-by-client basis. The big data analysis job needs to read the data from Amazon S3 and output it back to Amazon S3.

Which technology do you recommend to run the Big Data analysis job? (Select two)

AWS Glue

Amazon Redshift

Amazon Athena

Amazon EMR

AWS Batch

Athena no se utiliza para BigData y no es compatible con Spark igual que Redshift.

---

You are deploying a critical monolith application that must be deployed on a single web server, as it hasn't been created to work in distributed mode. Still, you want to make sure your setup can automatically recover from the failure of an Availability Zone (AZ).

Which of the following options should be combined to form the MOST cost-efficient solution? (Select three)

Create an Application Load Balancer and a target group with the instance(s) of the Auto Scaling Group

Create an auto-scaling group that spans across 2 Availability Zones, which min=1, max=1, desired=1

Create an elastic IP address (EIP) and use the Amazon EC2 user-data script to attach it

Assign an Amazon EC2 Instance Role to perform the necessary API calls

Create an auto-scaling group that spans across 2 Availability Zones, which min=1, max=2, desired=2

Create a Spot Fleet request

---

A Big Data company wants to optimize its daily Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) process that migrates and transforms data from its Amazon S3 based data lake to an Amazon Redshift cluster. The team wants to manage this daily job in a serverless environment.

Which AWS service is the best fit to manage this process without the need to configure or manage the underlying compute resources?

AWS Database Migration Service (DMS)

Amazon EMR

AWS Data Pipeline

AWS Glue

---

During a review, a security team has flagged concerns over an Amazon EC2 instance querying IP addresses used for cryptocurrency mining. The Amazon EC2 instance does not host any authorized application related to cryptocurrency mining.

Which AWS service can be used to protect the Amazon EC2 instances from such unauthorized behavior in the future?

AWS Firewall Manager

Amazon GuardDuty

AWS Web Application Firewall (AWS WAF)

AWS Shield Advanced