# Exam 3

A leading news aggregation company offers hundreds of digital products and services for customers ranging from law firms to banks to consumers. The company bills its clients based on per unit of clickstream data provided to the clients. As the company operates in a regulated industry, it needs to have the same ordered clickstream data available for auditing within a window of 7 days.

As a solutions architect, which of the following AWS services provides the ability to run the billing process and auditing process on the given clickstream data in the same order?

Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose

Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics

Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS)

Amazon Kinesis Data Streams

---

The engineering team at a company is moving the static content from the company's logistics website hosted on Amazon EC2 instances to an Amazon S3 bucket. The team wants to use an Amazon CloudFront distribution to deliver the static content. The security group used by the Amazon EC2 instances allows the website to be accessed by a limited set of IP ranges from the company's suppliers. Post-migration to Amazon CloudFront, access to the static content should only be allowed from the aforementioned IP addresses.

Which options would you combine to build a solution to meet these requirements? (Select two)

Create an AWS WAF ACL and use an IP match condition to allow traffic only from those IPs that are allowed in the Amazon EC2 security group. Associate this new AWS WAF ACL with the Amazon CloudFront distribution

Create an AWS Web Application Firewall (AWS WAF) ACL and use an IP match condition to allow traffic only from those IPs that are allowed in the Amazon EC2 security group. Associate this new AWS WAF ACL with the Amazon S3 bucket policy

Create a new security group that allows traffic from the same IPs as specified in the current Amazon EC2 security group. Associate this new security group with the Amazon CloudFront distribution

Configure an origin access identity (OAI) and associate it with the Amazon CloudFront distribution. Set up the permissions in the Amazon S3 bucket policy so that only the OAI can read the objects

Create a new NACL that allows traffic from the same IPs as specified in the current Amazon EC2 security group. Associate this new NACL with the Amazon CloudFront distribution