# EXAM 7

A company observes an increase in Amazon EC2 costs in its most recent bill The billing team notices unwanted vertical scaling of instance types for a couple of EC2 instances A solutions architect needs to create a graph comparing the last 2 months of EC2 costs and perform an in-depth analysis to identify the root cause of the vertical scaling

How should the solutions architect generate the information with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Use AWS Budgets to create a budget report and compare EC2 costs based on instance types

B. Use Cost Explorer's granular filtering feature to perform an in-depth analysis of EC2 costs based on instance types

C. Use graphs from the AWS Billing and Cost Management dashboard to compare EC2 costs based on instance types for the last 2 months

D. Use AWS Cost and Usage Reports to create a report and send it to an Amazon S3 bucket Use Amazon QuickSight with Amazon S3 as a source to generate an interactive graph based on instance types.

Cuando ponga in depth es decir un analysis profundo es mejor usar cost explorer granular analisis. La opción C es demasiado generalista.

---

A solutions architect is designing a two-tiered architecture that includes a public subnet and a database subnet. The web servers in the public subnet must be open to the internet on port 443. The Amazon RDS for MySQL D6 instance in the database subnet must be accessible only to the web servers on port 3306.

Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Select TWO.)

A. Create a network ACL for the public subnet Add a rule to deny outbound traffic to 0 0 0 0/0 on port 3306

B. Create a security group for the DB instance Add a rule to allow traffic from the public subnet CIDR block on port 3306

C. Create a security group for the web servers in the public subnet Add a rule to allow traffic from 0 0 0 O'O on port 443

D. Create a security group for the DB instance Add a rule to allow traffic from the web servers' security group on port 3306

E. Create a security group for the DB instance Add a rule to deny all traffic except traffic from the web servers' security group on port 3306

---

A company has an application that generates a large number of files, each approximately 5 MB in size. The files are stored in Amazon S3. Company policy requires the files to be stored for 4 years before they can be deleted Immediate accessibility is always required as the files contain critical business data that is not easy to reproduce. The files are frequently accessed in the first 30 days of the object creation but are rarely accessed after the first 30 days

Which storage solution is MOST cost-effective?

A. Create an S3 bucket lifecycle policy to move Mm from S3 Standard to S3 Glacier 30 days from object creation Delete the Tiles 4 years after object creation

B. Create an S3 bucket lifecycle policy to move tiles from S3 Standard to S3 One Zone-infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA] 30 days from object creation. Delete the fees 4 years after object creation

C. Create an S3 bucket lifecycle policy to move files from S3 Standard-infrequent Access (S3 Standard -lA) 30 from object creation. Delete the ties 4 years after object creation

D. Create an S3 bucket Lifecycle policy to move files from S3 Standard to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) 30 days from object creation Move the files to S3 Glacier 4 years after object carton.

Necesitamos acceso inmediato siempre.

---

A company needs to connect several VPCs in the us-east-1 Region that span hundreds of AWS accounts. The company's networking team has its own AWS account to manage the cloud network.

What is the MOST operationally efficient solution to connect the VPCs?

A. Set up VPC peering connections between each VPC. Update each associated subnet's route table.

B. Configure a NAT gateway and an internet gateway in each VPC to connect each VPC through the internet.

C. Create an AWS Transit Gateway in the networking team's AWS account. Configure static routes from each VPC.

D. Deploy VPN gateways in each VPC. Create a transit VPC in the networking team's AWS account to connect to each VPC.

Básicamente Transite Gateway permite destinar un punto como un router donde conectar las VPCs con VPC peering es muy complejo porque tendrías que hacer tunneling entre cada VPC.

---

A company wants to use an event-driven programming model with AWS Lambda. The company wants to reduce startup latency for Lambda functions that run on Java 11. The company does not have strict latency requirements for the applications. The company wants to reduce cold starts and outlier latencies when a function scales up.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Configure Lambda provisioned concurrency.

B. Increase the timeout of the Lambda functions.

C. Increase the memory of the Lambda functions.

D. Configure Lambda SnapStart.

SnapStart es lo que mas recude el cold start a menor precio para el caso especifico de Java ya que crea snapshots para que notenga que implementar todas las clases de Java y etc.. Lo de provisioned concurrency tienes que pagar por cada instancia preclanetada por lo que saldría mas caro. Las SnapStart solo tarda la primera y luego ya coge el snapshot y reduce el tiempo de iniciarlizar al usar el snapshot.

---

A company's website is used to sell products to the public. The site runs on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). There is also an Amazon CloudFront distribution, and AWS WAF is being used to protect against SQL injection attacks. The ALB is the origin for the CloudFront distribution. A recent review of security logs revealed an external malicious IP that needs to be blocked from accessing the website.

What should a solutions architect do to protect the application?

A. Modify the network ACL on the CloudFront distribution to add a deny rule for the malicious IP address.

B. Modify the configuration of AWS WAF to add an IP match condition to block the malicious IP address.

C. Modify the network ACL for the EC2 instances in the target groups behind the ALB to deny the malicious IP address.

D. Modify the security groups for the EC2 instances in the target groups behind the ALB to deny the malicious IP address.

ACL no funciona a nivel de cloudfront, podrías tener bloqueos a nivel de subred pero cuando ha llegado la ip a la subred que esta bloqueando la entrada ya ha pasado por el cloudfront y por el ALB.

Lo mejor es que funcione a nivel de WAF ya que se puede implementar sobre el propio CloudFront o el ALB y entonces se detendría al atacante desde el principio.

---

A development team has launched a new application that is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances inside a development VPC. A solution architect needs to create a new VPC in the same account. The new VPC will be peered with the development VPC. The VPC CIDR block for the development VPC is 192. 168. 00/24. The solutions architect needs to create a CIDR block for the new VPC. The CIDR block must be valid for a VPC peering connection to the development VPC.

What is the SMALLEST CIOR block that meets these requirements?

A. 10.0.1.0/32

B. 192.168.0.0/24

C. 192.168.1.0/32

D. 10.0.1.0/24

Para hacer una conexión de VPC peering las dos VPC existentes no deben solaparse por lo que tiene que tener distintas CIDR blocks. Solo puedes poner blockes de entre /28 y /16 porque /32 solo permitiría una IP y eso no es posible para que funcione una VPC

---

A company wants to run applications in containers in the AWS Cloud. These applications are stateless and can tolerate disruptions within the underlying infrastructure. The company needs a solution that minimizes cost and operational overhead.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Use Spot Instances in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to run the application containers.

B. Use Spot Instances in an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) managed node group.

C. Use On-Demand Instances in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to run the application containers.

D. Use On-Demand Instances in an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) managed node group.

---