# EXAM 18

A company runs its two-tier ecommerce website on AWS. The web tier consists of a load balancer that sends traffic to Amazon EC2 instances. The database tier uses an Amazon RDS DB instance. The EC2 instances and the RDS DB instance should not be exposed to the public internet. The EC2 instances require internet access to complete payment processing of orders through a third-party web service. The application must be highly available.

Which combination of configuration options will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Use an Auto Scaling group to launch the EC2 instances in private subnets. Deploy an RDS Multi-AZ DB instance in private subnets.

B. Configure a VPC with two private subnets and two NAT gateways across two Availability Zones. Deploy an Application Load Balancer in the private subnets.

C. Use an Auto Scaling group to launch the EC2 instances in public subnets across two Availability Zones. Deploy an RDS Multi-AZ DB instance in private subnets.

D. Configure a VPC with one public subnet, one private subnet, and two NAT gateways across two Availability Zones. Deploy an Application Load Balancer in the public subnet.

E. Configure a VPC with two public subnets, two private subnets, and two NAT gateways across two Availability Zones. Deploy an Application Load Balancer in the public subnets.

---

A company has migrated multiple Microsoft Windows Server workloads to Amazon EC2 instances that run in the us-west-1 Region. The company manually backs up the workloads to create an image as needed. In the event of a natural disaster in the us-west-1 Region, the company wants to recover workloads quickly in the us-west-2 Region. The company wants no more than 24 hours of data loss on the EC2 instances. The company also wants to automate any backups of the EC2 instances. Which solutions will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative effort? (Select TWO.)

A. Create an Amazon EC2-backed Amazon Machine Image (AMI) lifecycle policy to create a backup based on tags. Schedule the backup to run twice daily. Copy the image on demand.

B. Create an Amazon EC2-backed Amazon Machine Image (AMI) lifecycle policy to create a backup based on tags. Schedule the backup to run twice daily. Configure the copy to the us-west-2 Region.

C. Create backup vaults in us-west-1 and in us-west-2 by using AWS Backup. Create a backup plan for the EC2 instances based on tag values. Create an AWS Lambda function to run as a scheduled job to copy the backup data to us-west-2.

D. Create a backup vault by using AWS Backup. Use AWS Backup to create a backup plan for the EC2 instances based on tag values. Define the destination for the copy as us-west-2. Specify the backup schedule to run twice daily.

E. Create a backup vault by using AWS Backup. Use AWS Backup to create a backup plan for the EC2 instances based on tag values. Specify the backup schedule to run twice daily. Copy on demand to us-west-2.

游늷 **Problema:** Aunque los backups se generan autom치ticamente **dos veces al d칤a**, la copia a la otra regi칩n **no es autom치tica** y alguien tendr칤a que iniciarla cada vez. Esto introduce **riesgo de error humano** y **m치s esfuerzo administrativo**.

游늷 **Soluci칩n correcta (Opci칩n D):**

> "Definir el destino de la copia como us-west-2."
> 

Esto significa que AWS Backup **har치 la copia autom치ticamente** sin intervenci칩n manual.

---

A company wants to improve its ability to clone large amounts of production data into a test environment in the same AWS Region. The data is stored in Amazon EC2 instances on Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. Modifications to the cloned data must not affect the production environment. The software that accesses this data requires consistently high I/O performance. A solutions architect needs to minimize the time that is required to clone the production data into the test environment.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes. Restore the snapshots onto EC2 instance store volumes in the test environment.

B. Configure the production EBS volumes to use the EBS Multi-Attach feature. Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes. Attach the production EBS volumes to the EC2 instances in the test environment.

C. Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes. Create and initialize new EBS volumes. Attach the new EBS volumes to EC2 instances in the test environment before restoring the volumes from the production EBS snapshots.

D. Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes. Turn on the EBS fast snapshot restore feature on the EBS snapshots. Restore the snapshots into new EBS volumes. Attach the new EBS volumes to EC2 instances in the test environment.

---

A company will deployed a web application on AWS. The company hosts the backend database on Amazon RDS for MySQL with a primary DB instance and five read replicas to support scaling needs. The read replicas must log no more than 1 second bahind the primary DB Instance. The database routinely runs scheduled stored procedures.

As traffic on the website increases, the replicas experinces addtional lag during periods of peak lead. A solutions architect must reduce the replication lag as much as possible. The solutions architect must minimize changes to the applicatin code and must minimize ongoing overhead. Which solution will meet these requirements?