# EXAM 9

A payment processing company records all voice communication with its customers and stores the audio files in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company needs to capture the text from the audio files. The company must remove from the text any personally identifiable information (Pll) that belongs to customers.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Process the audio files by using Amazon Kinesis Video Streams. Use an AWS Lambda function to scan for known Pll patterns.

B. When an audio file is uploaded to the S3 bucket, invoke an AWS Lambda function to start an Amazon Textract task to analyze the call recordings.

C. Configure an Amazon Transcribe transcription job with Pll redaction turned on. When an audio file is uploaded to the S3 bucket, invoke an AWS Lambda function to start the transcription job. Store the output in a separate S3 bucket.

D. Create an Amazon Connect contact flow that ingests the audio files with transcription turned on. Embed an AWS Lambda function to scan for known Pll patterns. Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to start the contact flow when an audio file is uploaded to the S3 bucket.

Amazon transcribe pasa de audio a voz

---

A company has an event-driven application that invokes AWS Lambda functions up to 800 times each minute with varying runtimes. The Lambda functions access data that is stored in an Amazon Aurora MySQL OB cluster. The company is noticing connection timeouts as user activity increases The database shows no signs of being overloaded. CPU. memory, and disk access metrics are all low.

Which solution will resolve this issue with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Adjust the size of the Aurora MySQL nodes to handle more connections. Configure retry logic in the Lambda functions for attempts to connect to the database

B. Set up Amazon ElastiCache tor Redls to cache commonly read items from the database. Configure the Lambda functions to connect to ElastiCache for reads.

C. Add an Aurora Replica as a reader node. Configure the Lambda functions to connect to the reader endpoint of the OB cluster rather than lo the writer endpoint.

D. Use Amazon ROS Proxy to create a proxy. Set the DB cluster as the target database Configure the Lambda functions lo connect to the proxy rather than to the DB cluster.

Lo que pasa es que aurora tiene limite conexiones abiertas por lo que un proxy funcionaría de intermediario.

- En lugar de abrir una nueva conexión para cada solicitud, **RDS Proxy reutiliza conexiones existentes**.
- Esto **reduce la sobrecarga** de creación y cierre de conexiones.
- Útil para cargas intermitentes como AWS Lambda, donde cada invocación genera una nueva conexión.

---

An application development team is designing a microservice that will convert large images to smaller, compressed images. When a user uploads an image through the web interface, the microservice should store the image in an Amazon S3 bucket, process and compress the image with an AWS Lambda function, and store the image in its compressed form in a different S3 bucket.

A solutions architect needs to design a solution that uses durable, stateless components to process the images automatically.

Which combination of actions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue Configure the S3 bucket to send a notification to the SQS queue when an image is uploaded to the S3 bucket

B. Configure the Lambda function to use the Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue as the invocation source When the SQS message is successfully processed, delete the message in the queue

C. Configure the Lambda function to monitor the S3 bucket for new uploads When an uploaded image is detected write the file name to a text file in memory and use the text file to keep track of the images that were processed

D. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance to monitor an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue When items are added to the queue log the file name in a text file on the EC2 instance and invoke the Lambda function

E. Configure an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) event to monitor the S3 bucket When an image is uploaded. send an alert to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic with the application owner's email address for further processing

---

A company wants lo build a web application on AWS. Client access requests to the website are not predictable and can be idle for a long time. Only customers who have paid a subscription fee can have the ability to sign in and use the web application.

Which combination of steps will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Select THREE.)

A. Create an AWS Lambda function to retrieve user information from Amazon DynamoDB. Create an Amazon API Gateway endpoint to accept RESTful APIs. Send the API calls to the Lambda function.

B. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service behind an Application Load Balancer to retrieve user information from Amazon RDS. Create an Amazon API Gateway endpoint to accept RESTful APIs. Send the API calls to the Lambda function.

C. Create an Amazon Cogmto user pool to authenticate users

D. Create an Amazon Cognito identity pool to authenticate users.

E. Use AWS Amplify to serve the frontend web content with HTML. CSS, and JS. Use an integrated Amazon CloudFront configuration.

F. Use Amazon S3 static web hosting with PHP. CSS. and JS. Use Amazon CloudFront to serve the frontend web content.

Lo que pasa es que amplify es mas integrable que los buckets de s3 con servicios de backend además permite searollar y desplegar aplicaciones web. Amplify viene integrado con cloudfront en s3 tendrías que integrarlo manualmente.

---

A company uses an organization in AWS Organizations to manage AWS accounts that contain applications. The company sets up a dedicated monitoring member account in the organization. The company wants to query and visualize observability data across the accounts by using Amazon CloudWatch.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Enable CloudWatch cross-account observability for the monitoring account. Deploy an AWS CloudFormation template provided by the monitoring account in each AWS account to share the data with the monitoring account.

B. Set up service control policies (SCPs) to provide access to CloudWatch in the monitoring account under the Organizations root organizational unit (OU).

C. Configure a new 1AM user in the monitoring account. In each AWS account, configure an 1AM policy to have access to query and visualize the CloudWatch data in the account. Attach the new 1AM policy to the new I AM user.

D. Create a new 1AM user in the monitoring account. Create cross-account 1AM policies in each AWS account. Attach the 1AM policies to the new 1AM user.

En enunciado pone explicitamente usando cloudwatch, CloudWatch cross-account observability is a feature that allows you to monitor and troubleshoot applications that span multiple accounts within a Region. You can seamlessly search, visualize, and analyze your metrics, logs, traces, and Application Insights applications in any of the linked accounts without account boundaries1

Las otras opciones son posibles pero añaden mucha complejidad. excepto la b que no es posible.

---