# EXAM 6

A company is running a multi-tier recommence web application in the AWS Cloud. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances with an Amazon RDS for MySQL Multi-AZ OB instance. Amazon ROS is configured with the latest generation DB instance with 2.000 GB of storage In a General Purpose SSD (gp3) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBSl volume. The database performance affects the application during periods high demand.

A database administrator analyzes the logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs and discovers that the application performance always degrades when the number of read and write IOPS is higher than 20.000. What should a solutions architect do to improve the application performance?

A. Replace the volume with a magnetic volume.

B. Increase the number of IOPS on the gp3 volume.

C. Replace the volume with a Provisioned IOPS SSD (Io2) volume.

D. Replace the 2.000 GB gp3 volume with two 1.000 GB gp3 volumes

gp3 tiene una maximo de 16000 IOps por volume, Provisioned IOps puede llegar hasta los 256000 IOps.

---

A company is migrating an application from on-premises servers to Amazon EC2 instances. As part of the migration design requirements, a solutions architect must implement infrastructure metric alarms. The company does not need to take action if CPU utilization increases to more than 50% for a short burst of time. However, if the CPU utilization increases to more than 50% and read IOPS on the disk are high at the same time, the company needs to act as soon as possible. The solutions architect also must reduce false alarms.

What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Create Amazon CloudWatch composite alarms where possible.

B. Create Amazon CloudWatch dashboards to visualize the metrics and react to issues quickly.

C. Create Amazon CloudWatch Synthetics canaries to monitor the application and raise an alarm.

D. Create single Amazon CloudWatch metric alarms with multiple metric thresholds where possible.

La opción B no puede ser ya que Dashborads solo es visual, La C synthesics es para ver si esta disponible la aplicación y los endpoints y La D el problema es que te esta diciendo el ejercicio que no crees muchas alarmas. La opción A deja crear condiciones de alarma compuestas.

---

A company is preparing to deploy a new serverless workload. A solutions architect must use the principle of least privilege to configure permissions that will be used to run an AWS Lambda function. An Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule will invoke the function.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Add an execution role to the function with lambda:InvokeFunction as the action and * as the principal.

B. Add an execution role to the function with lambda:InvokeFunction as the action and Service:amazonaws.com as the principal

C. Add a resource-based policy to the function with lambda:'* as the action and Service:events.amazonaws.com as the principal.

D. Add a resource-based policy to the function with lambda:InvokeFunction as the action and Service:events.amazonaws.com as the principal.

Pone en la pagina de amazon “EventBridge uses resource-based policies” , esta parte de aqui dice que solo evenbridge tiene permisos para invocar la función cumpliendo el least priviliege.

---

A solutions architect needs to securely store a database user name and password that an application uses to access an Amazon RDS DB instance. The application that accesses the database runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. The solutions architect wants to create a secure parameter in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store.

What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement?

A. Create an IAM role that has read access to the Parameter Store parameter. Allow Decrypt access to an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key that is used to encrypt the parameter. Assign this IAM role to the EC2 instance.

B. Create an IAM policy that allows read access to the Parameter Store parameter. Allow Decrypt access to an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key that is used to encrypt the parameter. Assign this IAM policy to the EC2 instance.

C. Create an IAM trust relationship between the Parameter Store parameter and the EC2 instance. Specify Amazon RDS as a principal in the trust policy.

D. Create an IAM trust relationship between the DB instance and the EC2 instance. Specify Systems Manager as a principal in the trust policy.

---

A company uses AWS Organizations to manage multiple AWS accounts for different departments. The management account has an Amazon S3 bucket that contains project reports. The company wants to limit access to this S3 bucket to only users of accounts within the organization in AWS Organizations.

Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

A. Add the aws:PrincipalOrgID global condition key with a reference to the organization ID to the S3 bucket policy.

B. Create an organizational unit (OU) for each department. Add the aws:PrincipalOrgPaths global condition key to the S3 bucket policy.

C. Use AWS CloudTrail to monitor the CreateAccount, InviteAccountToOrganization, LeaveOrganization, and RemoveAccountFromOrganization events. Update the S3 bucket policy accordingly.

D. Tag each user that needs access to the S3 bucket. Add the aws:PrincipalTag global condition key to the S3 bucket policy.

La condición PrincipalOrgID dice especificamente el identificador de una organización en concreto la opción B es demasiado compleja habría que reestructurar ademas de que el s3 bucket no deja usar esa condición de PrincipalOrgPaths.

---