# EXAM 13

A company is deploying an application in three AWS Regions using an Application Load Balancer Amazon Route 53 will be used to distribute traffic between these Regions. Which Route 53 configuration should a solutions architect use to provide the MOST high-performing experience?

A. Create an A record with a latency policy.

B. Create an A record with a geolocation policy.

C. Create a CNAME record with a failover policy

D. Create a CNAME record with a geoproximity policy.

geolocation y geoproximiy no tiene porque enviar a la ubicación mas cercana.
**Latency routing policy** – Use when you have resources in multiple AWS Regions and you want to route traffic to the Region that provides the best latency. You can use latency routing to create records in a private hosted zone.

---

A company needs to export its database once a day to Amazon S3 for other teams to access. The exported object size vanes between 2 GB and 5 GB. The S3 access pattern for the data is variable and changes rapidly. The data must be immediately available and must remain accessible for up to 3 months. The company needs the most cost-effective solution that will not increase retrieval time

Which S3 storage class should the company use to meet these requirements?

A. S3 Intelligent-Tiering

B. S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval

C. S3 Standard

D. S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)

Pone “no increase retrieval time” eso quiere decir que la opcion a no sería posible ya que en el momento donde pusier al a información por ejemplo en un glacier el retrieval aumentaría. La opción D es la mas viable ya que es mas barato que un s3 estandar y tiene una buena velocidad de transferencia. Además esta hecho para data que puede ser recreada si es perdida e incluso recuperarla en punto de tiempo específicos.

---

A company selves a dynamic website from a flee! of Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) The website needs to support multiple languages to serve customers around the world The website's architecture is running in the us-west-1 Region and is exhibiting high request latency tor users that are located in other parts of the world The website needs to serve requests quickly and efficiently regardless of a user's location However the company does not want to recreate the existing architecture across multiple Regions

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Replace the existing architecture with a website that is served from an Amazon S3 bucket Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with the S3 bucket as the origin Set the cache behavior settings to cache based on the Accept-Language request header

B. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with the ALB as the origin Set the cache behavior settings to cache based on the Accept-Language request header

C. Create an Amazon API Gateway API that is integrated with the ALB Configure the API to use the HTTP integration type Set up an API Gateway stage to enable the API cache based on the Accept-Language request header

D. Launch an EC2 instance in each additional Region and configure NGINX to act as a cache server for that Region Put all the EC2 instances and the ALB behind an Amazon Route 53 record set with a geolocation routing policy

La opción C presenta mejoras.

“CloudFront lets you choose whether you want CloudFront to forward headers to your origin and to cache separate versions of a specified object based on the header values in viewer requests. This allows you to serve different versions of your content based on the device the user is using, the location of the viewer, the language the viewer is using, and a variety of other criteria.”

---

A company hosts its web applications in the AWS Cloud. The company configures Elastic Load Balancers to use certificate that are imported into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). The company’s security team must be notified 30 days before the expiration of each certificate.

What should a solutions architect recommend to meet the requirement?

A. Add a rule m ACM to publish a custom message to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic every day beginning 30 days before any certificate will expire.

B. Create an AWS Config rule that checks for certificates that will expire within 30 days. Configure Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to invoke a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) when AWS Config reports a noncompliant resource

C. Use AWS trusted Advisor to check for certificates that will expire within to days. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm that is based on Trusted Advisor metrics for check status changes Configure the alarm to send a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple rectification Service (Amazon SNS)

D. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to detect any certificates that will expire within 30 days. Configure the rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to send a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).

---

A company’s security team requests that network traffic be captured in VPC Flow Logs. The logs will be frequently accessed for 90 days and then accessed intermittently.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements when configuring the logs?

A. Use Amazon CloudWatch as the target. Set the CloudWatch log group with an expiration of 90 days

B. Use Amazon Kinesis as the target. Configure the Kinesis stream to always retain the logs for 90 days

C. Use AWS CloudTrail as the target. Configure CloudTrail to save to an Amazon S3 bucket, and enable S3 Intelligent-Tiering.

D. Use Amazon S3 as the target. Enable an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the logs to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 90 days.

---

A company runs a stateless web application in production on a group of Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The application experiences heavy usage during an 8-hour period each business day. Application usage is moderate and steady overnight Application usage is low during weekends.

The company wants to minimize its EC2 costs without affecting the availability of the application.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use Spot Instances for the entire workload.

B. Use Reserved instances for the baseline level of usage Use Spot Instances for any additional capacity that the application needs.

C. Use On-Demand Instances for the baseline level of usage. Use Spot Instances for any additional capacity that the application needs

D. Use Dedicated Instances for the baseline level of usage. Use On-Demand Instances for any additional capacity that the application needs

---

A solutions architect must secure a VPC network that hosts Amazon EC2 instances The EC2 ^stances contain highly sensitive data and tun n a private subnet According to company policy the EC2 instances mat run m the VPC can access only approved third-party software repositories on the internet for software product updates that use the third party's URL Other internet traffic must be blocked.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Update the route table for the private subnet to route the outbound traffic to an AWS Network Firewall. Configure domain list rule groups

B. Set up an AWS WAF web ACL. Create a custom set of rules that filter traffic requests based on source and destination IP address range sets.

C. Implement strict inbound security group roles Configure an outbound rule that allows traffic only to the authorized software repositories on the internet by specifying the URLs

D. Configure an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in front of the EC2 instances. Direct an outbound traffic to the ALB Use a URL-based rule listener in the ALB's target group for outbound access to the internet

---

A company uses an organization in AWS Organizations to manage AWS accounts that contain applications. The company sets up a dedicated monitoring member account in the organization. The company wants to query and visualize observability data across the accounts by using Amazon CloudWatch.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Enable CloudWatch cross-account observability for the monitoring account. Deploy an AWS CloudFormation template provided by the monitoring account in each AWS account to share the data with the monitoring account.

B. Set up service control policies (SCPs) to provide access to CloudWatch in the monitoring account under the Organizations root organizational unit (OU).

C. Configure a new IAM user in the monitoring account. In each AWS account, configure an 1AM policy to have access to query and visualize the CloudWatch data in the account. Attach the new 1AM policy to the new 1AM user.

D. Create a new IAM user in the monitoring account. Create cross-account 1AM policies in each AWS account. Attach the 1AM policies to the new IAM user.